docs(agents): update with v1.0 rcs out (#5071)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-ai/dapr-agents/dapr-agents-integrations.md

{{% alert title="Note" color="warning" %}}
The Redis instance started by `dapr init` is a **vanilla Redis server** and does **not** include the Search/vector modules required by Redis Stack. To use `RedisVectorStore`, you must run [Redis Stack](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/install/install-stack/) (or a Redis deployment with the `RediSearch` module enabled) separately.
{{% /alert %}}

Requires `redisvl` (`pip install redisvl`).

```python
from dapr_agents.storage.vectorstores import RedisVectorStore
from dapr_agents.document.embedder.openai import OpenAIEmbedder

store = RedisVectorStore(
    url="redis://localhost:6379",
    index_name="my_agent",
    embedding_function=OpenAIEmbedder(),
    embedding_dimensions=1536,
    distance_metric="cosine",  # "cosine", "l2", or "ip"
    storage_type="hash",       # "hash" or "json"
)
```

All three vector stores share the same interface and are interchangeable as the `vector_store` argument to `ConversationVectorMemory`:

```python
from dapr_agents.memory import ConversationVectorMemory

memory = ConversationVectorMemory(
    vector_store=store,
    distance_metric="cosine",
)
```

## Tools

### Agents as Tools

> Dapr Agents supports invoking other agents as tools within a `DurableAgent`'s reasoning loop, including agents from other frameworks such as OpenAI Agents, LangGraph, and CrewAI. For full documentation and code examples, see [Agents as Tools]({{% ref "dapr-agents-core-concepts.md#agents-as-tools" %}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr Agents supports invoking other agents as tools within an instance of a `DurableAgent` reasoning loop, including agents from other frameworks such as OpenAI Agents, LangGraph, and CrewAI. For full documentation and code examples, see [Agents as Tools]({{% ref "dapr-agents-core-concepts.md#agents-as-tools" %}}).
```
